[native] Add Arrow Flight Connector (#24082)
prestodb/presto: presto-native-execution/presto_cpp/main/connectors/arrow_flight/tests/data/README.md

> ### Dummy TLS Certificates for Arrow Flight Connector Unit Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Placeholder TLS Certificates for Arrow Flight Connector Unit Testing
```
Suggest revising to use a different word. See the Google developer documentation style guide topic [Avoid ableist language](https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation#ableist-language) for discussion and examples.

Author: Done

> The `tls_certs` directory contains dummy TLS certificates generated specifically for unit testing the Arrow Flight Connector with TLS enabled. These certificates are not intended for production use and should only be used in the context of unit tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tls_certs` directory contains placeholder TLS certificates generated for unit testing the Arrow Flight Connector with TLS enabled. These certificates are not intended for production use and should only be used in the context of unit tests.
```

Author: Done

### Generating TLS Certificates

> The certificates are generated using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the TLS certificates and keys inside the `tls_certs` folder, run the following command:
```

Author: Done

`./generate_tls_certs.sh`

> This will create the necessary certificates and keys inside the `tls_certs` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
